---
title: 'First Post!'
date: 2023-07-17
permalink: /posts/first-post/
image: "https://picsum.photos/id/241/200/300"
tags:
  - cool posts
  - life
  - driving
---

Welcome to my first post! On this blog, I will share the things I am working on and the things that I am doing in my life. I will also share some of my thoughts on things that I find interesting. I hope you enjoy reading my posts!

How has life been going?
======
Currently, I'm in the summer before my senior year of high school. I've had a lot of things on my mind to do. I made a huge list! But it's hard to be as productive as I thought I would be. Here's a bunch of things I've been doing:

Learning Things
------
Finish up yeah idk if I'll get time for this

Responsibilities
------
Finish up

College
------
Since I'm gonna be applying to college in the fall, I needed to fill out brag sheets for my recommenders over the summer so they could begin writing. For my teacher brag sheets, I wrote around 6 pages. For my counselor's, I wrote 16 pages!! I have never had to write this much about myself before. I'm not sure if I portrayed myself in the best way I could have. I feel like I have a nice personality, but I'm not sure how to share that with others. As I gained more experience answering these sorts of questions, I rediscovered the writing idea of show-not-tell. I think these sorts of stories are the best way to learn about people's personalities, but there also so hard to remember! I wish I began blogging early, maybe it would have helped with this. I'm just glad that I'm done with them: they took me too long.

Along with these brag sheets, I also need to finalize my college list. I have a list of 20 colleges that I'm interested in, but I need to narrow it down to 10. I'm not sure how to do this. I know that I want to go to a school that has a nice community and a focus on academics. I also want to go to a school that has a nice location. I've been looking at college websites and virtual visits, but they all seem to say the same thing lol. IRL College visits are a lot better, especially the ones where you can talk to actual students working on something (thanks Olin!). I'll eventually figure something out. 

How was today?
======
Today, I went to the DMV to get my learner's permit and take my knowledge test. I woke up at 6 in the morning to study for my knowledge test: I really didn't want to retake it. Thankfully, I passed! Honestly, filling out the forms (and refilling them twice) and waiting in line took way longer than the actual test. I was in the DMV for 2 hours! I'm glad I got it done though. I'm excited to start practicing driving. After I ate lunch today, I fell asleep for 1.5 hours lol.

Last week, on July 11th, it was my birthday! So this weekend, I decided to play laser tag with a group of friends to celebrate. Honestly, I kinda planned it last minute and could have organized it better, but it was really fun! I really popped off just like the last time I went. In one game, I got a 17 kill streak and didn't die! My KDR (kill death rate) for this session was 6 and boosted my average to 4!! I had a lot of fun, and I think they had fun too. After laser tag, we went to a nearby park and played some random games. First we played cricket (we stopped 'cause we were launching the ball too far) and then we played wall-ball, just like old times. We spent the rest of the time just talking and chilling. I'm glad I got to see them again and hope to meet them more in the summer. 